docs/README.adoc, before:

= Testify Docs Site and Playbook Project

This is the playbook project for the Testify docs site using Antora.
You can view the site produced by the Antora playbook ([.path]_antora-playbook.yml_) stored in this project at https://testibus-team4.github.io/yoko .

== Antora Playbook

An Antora playbook is responsible for generating a documentation site.
It contains the instructions a user wants to relay to the Antora site generator.
These instructions include the content Antora should collect and the UI it should apply to the generated site.

The file [.path]_antora-playbook.yml_ in this repository is the playbook used to produce the demo site.
It tells Antora where to find the Components with the content for the site and where to find the default UI theme.

== Generate Site
You can make changes to the repository and view the local changes by generating a local site. After cloning this repository to your computer you can generate a local site by using the command `antora --fetch antora-playbook.yml` within the same directory as the antora playbook. To be able to run the command you need to install antora first. Installation instructions can be found at https://docs.antora.org/antora/latest/install/install-antora/ .

== Component
[.path]_mainComponent_ is the documentation component for the Testify docs site. To add any pages to the docs, then you would create new `.adoc` file within [.path]_mainComponent_/modules/ROOT_. Then to decide the order that the new page will appear in the contents page, you can add the filename to the [.path]_nav.adoc_ file in the order you want the page to be in.

== Supplemental-UI
If there are certain parts of the UI which you would like to change from the default UI, then you can make the changes within the directory [.path]_supplemental-ui/partials_. The original theme for the UI can be found at https://gitlab.com/antora/antora-ui-default/-/jobs/artifacts/HEAD/raw/build/ui-bundle.zip?job=bundle-stable .

Commit message:

DOC: Updated how generating a site works in the README.adoc

docs/README.adoc, after:

= Testify Docs Site and Playbook Project

This is the playbook project for the Testify docs site using Antora.
You can view the site produced by the Antora playbook ([.path]_antora-playbook.yml_) stored in this project at https://testibus-team4.github.io/yoko .

== Antora Playbook

An Antora playbook is responsible for generating a documentation site.
It contains the instructions a user wants to relay to the Antora site generator.
These instructions include the content Antora should collect and the UI it should apply to the generated site.

The file [.path]_antora-playbook.yml_ in this repository is the playbook used to produce the demo site.
It tells Antora where to find the components with the content for the site and where to find the default UI theme.

== Component
[.path]_mainComponent_ is the documentation component for the Testify docs site. To add any pages to the docs, then you would create new `.adoc` file within [.path]_mainComponent_/modules/ROOT_. Then to decide the order that the new page will appear in the contents page, you can add the filename to the [.path]_nav.adoc_ file in the order you want the page to be in.

== Generate Site
After making any changes to the components, once you have committed your changes, the Github action [.path]_publish.yml_ runs to build the site and publish your updated changes to the Testify docs site.

== Component
[.path]_mainComponent_ is the documentation component for the Testify docs site. To add any pages to the docs, then you would create new `.adoc` file within [.path]_mainComponent_/modules/ROOT_. Then to decide the order that the new page will appear in the contents page, you can add the filename to the [.path]_nav.adoc_ file in the order you want the page to be in.

== Supplemental-UI
If there are certain parts of the UI which you would like to change from the default UI, then you can make the changes within the directory [.path]_supplemental-ui/partials_. The original theme for the UI can be found at https://gitlab.com/antora/antora-ui-default/-/jobs/artifacts/HEAD/raw/build/ui-bundle.zip?job=bundle-stable .
